hey guys it's Sasha and in today's video
I'm bringing you all a day in the life
video and in life I know we all have
goals dreams of things we want to do and
accomplish so throughout this day in the
life I'm gonna be sharing my goals and
how every single day I continue to work
and strive to make my dreams and goals
become my reality and before we get on
with the video I just wanted to thank
Invisalign clear liners for sponsoring
this video and without further ado let's
just go ahead and get started
[Music]
so once I force myself out of bed it is
time to head to the kitchen to make my
favorite go-to peanut butter protein
balls and if you're curious on how to
make these there are several different
protein ball recipes that you can find
online and thanks to my Invisalign clear
liners I'm able to reach my goal of
eating healthier because I'm able to eat
anything for example these protein balls
which would usually be really hard to
eat with a bunch of metal in my mouth
and all I have to do is take them out
and then put them in the case and I'm
good to eat whatever I need in order to
stay healthy
[Music]
so now it is time to get ready for the
day so you know of course I've gotta
brush my teeth put my Invisalign clear
aligners back in and then it cleanse my
face a little bit and now it is time to
change into my outfit so this is my
outfit my jean skirt is from Zara and my
top is from Target
now it is makeup time and if you are
curious as to what makeup I do on a
regular basis I have an everyday makeup
routine up on my channel now that I am
all ready it is time to film a YouTube
video and you want a really big
component of being involved in social
media is having self-confidence and
thanks to Invisalign clear aligners I am
able to be confident on camera which
definitely helps with my presence and
how I feel has a person after I am done
filming it is around at noon at which
it's a lunchtime but since I eat a later
breakfast usually at this point I'll
just have a little snack so today I
decided to have an apple and then I just
sat down entered some emails and did my
schoolwork and let me tell you nothing
beats the feeling of getting it all done
[Music]
now it is gym time because recently a
huge goal of mine has been to get to the
gym more and become more active so today
my friend and I went to the gym to get a
little workout in
[Music]
once I am home from the gym it is time
to eat dinner so tonight my mom brought
home smash burger so I had some grilled
chicken and sweet potato fries
and now it is time to unwind and get
ready for bed so of course I got to take
out my hair it's look a little cray-cray
I know and then I showered and in the
shower
I washed my face wash my hair do all of
that jazz and so once I'm out of the
shower I just put in some detangler
brushed out my hair and then tonight my
brother and I decided we were gonna have
a little movie night and of course I had
to bring the snacks and popcorn is my
personal favorite and due to my
Invisalign clear liners it's super easy
for me to just take them out and eat the
popcorn without a problem but sadly he
has braces which makes it a lot more
difficult to do a simple task like eat
popcorn
[Music]
after a movie I just made sure to brush
my teeth before going to bed and then I
went to bed and math is all for a casual
day in my life and don't forget to take
the smile quiz there will be link to it
in the description box I hope you all
enjoyed that video if you did definitely
give it a big thumbs up and subscribe to
my channel by clicking the big red
subscribe button down below
and if you didn't watch my last video
you would not know that I came out with
my own line of merchandise but you
should definitely go check it out I will
have a link in the description box and
you can also go to Sasha Mortgage shop
comm to take a look at all of the
designs and you should DM me your order
confirmations on Twitter and Instagram
that way we can chit chat and I'll be
following everybody back and make sure
to go follow me on Instagram because I'm
starting to post exclusive Instagram
only content with fun little videos and
pictures so you definitely don't want to
miss it
so make sure to go follow me @
underscore Sasha Morga underscore well
that just about wraps up this video
thank you all so much for watching and
I'll see you all next time bye deuces
[Music]